CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
	request.py

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
	this program will build off of the week 5 prove 'Grocery Store'
	it will take user input and build a request.csv file (with
	product ids and quantities) that can be used in the Week 5
	prove 'Grocery Store'

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
	how to write to csv files with the csv module
	handle duplicate user input i.e. ordering yougert twice
	saving data in a way the it can be used in later programs

4. What Python modules will your program use?
	csv module

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?

	main()

	check_request() #looks for duplicates or invalid orders like
	no quantiy items

	get_id() #takes the name and returns the product ids
	
	write_file() #Write data to csv file

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

	test_check_request()

	test_get_id()

	test_write_file()

